Update README.md (#2021)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios: Apps/Examples/README.md

dependencies and load maps. Follow the instructions in the docs to
[Configure credentials](https://docs.mapbox.com/ios/maps/guides/install/).

> The `main` branch is unstable, so please switch to a stable branch like `git checkout v10.16.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `main` branch includes the latest changes to the SDK before they are released. If you want to run the examples app with the code of a specific release switch to that release before building the app. For example: `git checkout v10.16.0`.
```

**Important**

1. Place the .netrc file in your home directory.
1. When you're downloading your **private** key, ensure it's the `YOUR_SECRET_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN` and not the **public** one.
1. Don't forget to check the `DOWNLOADS:READ` option when downloading the private key.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information, please read the [configure credentials](https://docs.mapbox.com/ios/maps/guides/install/#configure-credentials) guide in our documentation.
```
